That's not possible.
Brushing your teeth, did you hear that?
Mr. Li has abandoned you
What else are you fighting with me?
Mr. Song
I plan to invest in this company with you
How about giving me some shares?
Miss Li, what's wrong with you?
Don't you want to cooperate with me?
No, no, that's not what it means.
It's just that you said before that this company
So I thought about it.
My father is the president of the Jiangzhou Chamber of Commerce
I have an obligation to the nation during my period
The development of enterprises makes a contribution
After all, businesspeople can't just make money.
Thank you so much, Miss Li.
Thank you, Aunt Li
Mr. Black, what do you mean?
It means nothing
Normal business conduct
No matter how much more he pays
I will add 10 million
Go ahead.
I quit
Didn't it just increase to 100 million?
Then let's spend 110 million to prepare the contract
Ah yes yes yes
Good Miss Li
What about the 110 million?
I'll give you 100 million.
You pay ten million
How about I give you 20% of the shares then?
Mr. Song, this is the contract
Please transfer the account.
Thank you so much, Mr. Song
Happy cooperation
Shaoyang, don't be happy too early.
What do you mean?
You spend all your time at home to buy a useless boy
I'm just waiting to see how you pay and go bankrupt
Dad did nothing wrong
Yo yo boy
Your father is about to take you to the streets to beg for food
Now.
Marco, the richest man in North America, announced today
Interested in buying a building's magical new energy battery